// file name: questions.txt
// author: Ben Silbernagel
// created: winter 2015-2016
// class: Introduction to Computer Science, by Harvard University
// purpose: pset4: answers to questions

0.  How many different colors does each format support?

    BMP= 4,294,967,296 colors, GIF= 256 colors, JPEG= 16,777,216 colors, and 
    PNG= 16,777,216 colors 

1.  Which of the formats supports animation?
    
    GIF

2.  What’s the difference between lossy and lossless compression?

    lossless is a compressed copy of the file where the lossy is a rendition of 
    the original.

3.  Which of these formats is lossy-compressed?
    
    jpeg

4.  What happens, technically speaking, when a file is deleted on a FAT file 
    system?

    When a file is deleted the system rewrites the meta data, so the section of 
    memory goes into the location where the free space is without actually 
    doing anything to the file itself.

5.  What can someone like you do to ensure (with high probability) that files 
    you delete cannot be recovered?

    You can over write the data using a software that uses a random pattern to 
    over write the sectors of memory. The best way though is to destroy the 
    drive physically.

6.  What’s stdint.h?

    STDINT.H is a library for all types of integers that are arranged in 
    different bit sizes to help the computer format the data correctly.

7.  What’s the point of using uint8_t, uint32_t, int32_t, and uint16_t in a 
    program?

    It set the parameters for the data being place into memory.  Example uint8_t
    describes an unasigned integer that has 8 bits that would contain values 
    ranging from 0-255.

8.  How many bytes is a BYTE, a DWORD, a LONG, and a WORD, respectively?
    
    BYTE= 1 byte, DWORD= 4 bytes, LONG=4 bytes, and WORD= 2 bytes

9.  What (in ASCII, decimal, or hexadecimal) must the first two bytes of any 
    BMP file be? (Leading bytes used to identify file formats (with high 
    probability) are generally called "magic numbers.)"

    0x4d42

10. What’s the difference between bfSize and biSize?
    
    bfSize is the size of the file in bytes, where bisize is the image size in 
    bytes.

11. What does it mean if biHeight is negative?
    
    biHeight specifies the height of the bitmap. + & - heights just give you
    an idea where this measurement starts at.  + starts in the bottom left 
    corner.  Where a "-" biHeight starts top left corner.



12. What field in BITMAPINFOHEADER specifies the BMP’s color depth (i.e., bits 
    per pixel)?

    biBitCount

13. Why might fopen return NULL in copy.c:37?

    the output file was not able to be created.  Like if the user doesn't have
    access to where the program is creating the file.

14. Why is the third argument to fread always 1 in our code?

    The 3rd arguement points to the number of elements to be read at that time.
    It has to do with the desire of creating an exact copy.

15. What value does copy.c:70 assign padding if bi.biWidth is 3?

    0

16. What does fseek do?

    fseek searchs the input stream crom the current location and it uses the 
    padding as an offset, so that the search will start after it has pasted over
    the padding.

17. What is SEEK_CUR?

    SEEK_CUR is the current location of the file pointer.

18. Whodunit?
    
    Colton Ogden or we just got Rick rolled!
